README.md, before:

# iOS Swift projects
Note: Inside each project folder, I have created a `README.md` file that describes how to create each of the corresponding app. 

## 06. BMI Calculator App
[desc]

keywords: []

Please wait while the `.gif` files are loading...

|  App View | Home View |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| <img src="06. BMI Calculator/App Snapshots/animation.gif" style="width:300px"> | <img src="06. BMI Calculator/App Snapshots/home.png" style="width:300px"> | 


## 05. Quizzler App
A quizz app for user to answer sets of questions. It uses button color to indicates the correctness of user's answer, and displays a progress bar. It used the MVC design pattern. 

keywords: `struct`, `The MVC Design Pattern`, the `mutating` keyword, `immutable`

Please wait while the `.gif` files are loading...

|  App View | Home View |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| <img src="05. Quizzler/App Snapshots/animation.gif" style="width:300px"> | <img src="05. Quizzler/App Snapshots/home.png" style="width:300px"> | 


## 04. Egg Timer App
A timer for boilder eggs with different hardness. The progress bar will show progress, and a sound will be played when timer is up. 

Keywords: `Optionals`, `scheduledTimer`, `Progress View`

Please wait while the `.gif` files are loading...

|  App View | Home View |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| <img src="04. Egg Timer/App Snapshots/animation.gif" style="width:300px"> | <img src="04. Egg Timer/App Snapshots/home.png" style="width:300px"> |

## 03. Xylophone App
This plays a different sound according to the button that is pressed. There's also animation to the button press. 

Keywords: `AVFoundation`, `Swift Functions`, `IBAction`, `Animation`

Please wait while the `.gif` files are loading...

|  App View | Home View |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| <img src="03. Xylophone/App Snapshots/animation.gif" style="width:300px"> | <img src="03. Xylophone/App Snapshots/Home Screen.png" style="width:300px"> |

## 02. Dicee App
This app has functionality - it let you roll the dice with a click of a button. It also utilizes auto layout to automatically adapt to different screen sizes and orientations. 

Keywords: `Interface Builder outlet`, `IBOutlet`, `IBAction` ,`Dot notation`, `Swift Playground`, `Swift Arrays`, `Swift Variables`, `Random numbers`, `Auto Layout`, `Constraints (Alignments and Pins)`, `Containers`, `Stack Views`

Please wait while the `.gif` files are loading...

| Portrait View | landscape View |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| <img src="02. Dicee/App Snapshots/portrait.gif"> | <img src="02.%20Dicee/App%20Snapshots/landscape.gif"> |

  
## 01. I am Rich App
My first App showing static contents. Created using xCode Storyboard.

Keywords: `Storyboard`

App snapshots:

| App View | Home view |
| ----------- | ----------- |
|<img src="01. I am Rich/App Snapshots/portrait.png" style="width:300px">| <img src="01. I am Rich/App Snapshots/Home Screen.png" style="width:300px">|

Commit message:

add advice and color based on BMI value

README.md, after:

# iOS Swift projects
Note: Inside each project folder, I have created a `README.md` file that describes how to create each of the corresponding app. 

## 06. BMI Calculator App
BMI calculator that calculates BMI value based on height and weight slider, and displays the BMI value, advice based on the value, and color accordingly

keywords: `classes and inheritance`, `custom class`, `segues and multi-screen apps`, `Nil Coalescing Operator`, `` 

Please wait while the `.gif` files are loading...

|  App View | Home View |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| <img src="06. BMI Calculator/App Snapshots/animation.gif" style="width:300px"> | <img src="06. BMI Calculator/App Snapshots/home.png" style="width:300px"> | 


## 05. Quizzler App
A quizz app for user to answer sets of questions. It uses button color to indicates the correctness of user's answer, and displays a progress bar. It used the MVC design pattern. 

keywords: `struct`, `The MVC Design Pattern`, the `mutating` keyword, `immutable`

Please wait while the `.gif` files are loading...

|  App View | Home View |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| <img src="05. Quizzler/App Snapshots/animation.gif" style="width:300px"> | <img src="05. Quizzler/App Snapshots/home.png" style="width:300px"> | 


## 04. Egg Timer App
A timer for boilder eggs with different hardness. The progress bar will show progress, and a sound will be played when timer is up. 

Keywords: `Optionals`, `scheduledTimer`, `Progress View`

Please wait while the `.gif` files are loading...

|  App View | Home View |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| <img src="04. Egg Timer/App Snapshots/animation.gif" style="width:300px"> | <img src="04. Egg Timer/App Snapshots/home.png" style="width:300px"> |

## 03. Xylophone App
This plays a different sound according to the button that is pressed. There's also animation to the button press. 

Keywords: `AVFoundation`, `Swift Functions`, `IBAction`, `Animation`

Please wait while the `.gif` files are loading...

|  App View | Home View |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| <img src="03. Xylophone/App Snapshots/animation.gif" style="width:300px"> | <img src="03. Xylophone/App Snapshots/Home Screen.png" style="width:300px"> |

## 02. Dicee App
This app has functionality - it let you roll the dice with a click of a button. It also utilizes auto layout to automatically adapt to different screen sizes and orientations. 

Keywords: `Interface Builder outlet`, `IBOutlet`, `IBAction` ,`Dot notation`, `Swift Playground`, `Swift Arrays`, `Swift Variables`, `Random numbers`, `Auto Layout`, `Constraints (Alignments and Pins)`, `Containers`, `Stack Views`

Please wait while the `.gif` files are loading...

| Portrait View | landscape View |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| <img src="02. Dicee/App Snapshots/portrait.gif"> | <img src="02.%20Dicee/App%20Snapshots/landscape.gif"> |

  
## 01. I am Rich App
My first App showing static contents. Created using xCode Storyboard.

Keywords: `Storyboard`

App snapshots:

| App View | Home view |
| ----------- | ----------- |
|<img src="01. I am Rich/App Snapshots/portrait.png" style="width:300px">| <img src="01. I am Rich/App Snapshots/Home Screen.png" style="width:300px">|
